Okay. this will work.
You're telling me this looked real?
Yeah. I've seen the real thing.
This will work.
Can I see them?
No. Trust me.
You don't want those
images in your head.
Yeah. these'll pass.
Hey. you okay?
Yeah. Let's get you your
new clothes. Come on.
Midnight.
You've worked with this tap pen guy?
Worked with him many times.
And you think he'll come through?
I think he'll do his best.
Okay. I gotta go.
Wait. you cannot just leave me here.
If there's an emergency. you
can call. but this is a safe place.
You don't need me to
babysit. but get you home.
Can we not just wait
here until it's time to go?
Now. poe…
We don't know
who attacked you at the base.
Until I find that out and
eliminate that threat.
you are not safe.
You know. he…
So I could know what to
do with my hands in case…
That's good advice.
Yeah. would be if I bothered
to remember any of it.
Hey.
Doesn't matter what you can
or can't do with those hands.
This one is in mine.
No. no. no.
No.
No. No. No.
No. no.
I'm only gonna say this one time.
It's a bad idea to move around when
someone has a knife next to your heart.
Tell me about osmar.
I already told you.
Osmar is some kind of code name.
He hired us to help hit your convoy.
Well… tall.
Gray hair.
Big scar down the left side of his face.
When we get there.
how do we contact him?
A call box on the front of the building
that's been rigged to call osmar.
From there he will
tell you where to meet.
What have you done to me?
Put a little homemade blasting cap
in your chest.
What?!
There is a device in your chest.
I press this button…
And boom.
You are a very sick
person. Do you know that?
Which one of us was about
to shoot a teenage girl?
For people like me.
there are necessary evils to
survive the world we live in.
But you. asshole.
you come from a land of luxury.
Whatever you've told yourself
about why you've entered this or
what you were before. that's all gone.
But if there's a difference
between you and me.
it's that you are far worse. son of a bitch.
Then you should probably keep in mind
which one of us is holding the remote.
Do you trust this man?
I trust him.
He works at a security
company. Something went down.
What went down?
Guys tried to hold him up. He
took them apart like it was nothing.
He must be crazy.
He's CIA. or special forces. I don't know.
The money is coming
from the Americans.
It's going to show up.
Mr. Creasy. This is beto.
my husband's cousin.
Hi.
I need to get back to my daughter.
He's going to make sure
poe is safe while you're away.
Look. man. she's in good hands.
When I get back. I'll have enough
money to make everybody whole.
We'll talk later.
This is not just about
getting the money. right?
That guy you brought
here. He's going with you?
Yeah.
Is he coming back?
It's up to him.
What the hell?
This is my job. man.
I don't need any help.
How will you handle security
when you're going on a
run with half your guys?
I'll put livro with her.
Livro? Your baby brother?
Are you fucking kidding me?
You'd be better off giving the girl a
gun and asking her to defend him.
Duda. all I'm saying is.
if we're going to do this. let's do it right.
Me and my guys will
provide the proper protection
and in exchange I'm just asking for a cut.
I've already had my say. brother.
I don't need them.
I don't need them and I don't want them.
Livro speaks English so fucking well.
He'll make her feel calm
and keep her out of the way.
Besides. it's about time he finds a
way to start pulling his fucking weight.
It's his find.
He can do it his way.
If he wants to use it to
help bring his brother along…
That's his business.
When this turns into a mess
and someone has to step in?
It's not gonna turn into anything.
It's handled.
I don't understand. Why do I
have to keep an eye on this girl?
Earning. you know?
It's time to fucking man up.
It's real simple.
Stay inside the shack
with the girl. understand?
And whatever you do.
stay the fuck away from vico.
I'll hook you up.
- Don't get used to it.
- You're crazy. I'm just watching her.
Jesus fucking Christ.
I don't want that.
I'm trying to help you. livro.
You're the only one
who doesn't fucking carry.
Are you crazy?
Anyone who looks at you
can see you're weak. damn it.
Are you weak?
You're not weak. You're my brother.
From today on you're
going to be armed. damn it.
You start earning.
Are you crying?
If you cry here. kid. I'll kill you myself.
Now toughen up.
Go out there and show you're
a loose animal in this shithole.
Go!
I'm... I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
I was asked to see after you for the day.
I'm livro.
I don't need anybody to look after me.
I apologize again.
I'll sit outside. near the door.
You won't even notice I'm here.
How do you speak English so well?
I've had some lessons. but the Internet
and American television help very much.
Sorry. your name is "book"?
Yeah. it's… livro.
Everyone goes by a nickname here.
So. you do things like this all the time?
No.
My brother asked me to.
You see. when I was very
young. our parents were killed.
So my brother needed to take care of us.
But now he's on the lookout
for jobs he thinks I can do.
And… I guess this was one of them.
So you didn't want to do it?
No. I…
He always looked out for me. you know?
But now he's realizing that
I'm just not like him. And…
I think he started to hate me for it.
Would you like to
watch something on TV?
Is it in English?
On there. probably no.
But you can watch on my phone.
Here.
You can watch with me. if you want.
Okay.
Do you miss your parents?
Very much.
- I'm sorry.
- No.
No.
it's okay. I…
I worry more about forgetting
than not being able to.
Trust me.
You never forget.
Don't be stupid.
I'm gonna step away from the car.
But I still have my eye on it.
Don't need to leave me
roasting here. dude. Come on…
Money's at the bottom of the bag.
They told me the extraction
was set for midnight.
What can you tell me about the frp?
The frp has made trouble for carmo.
mostly small actions
hoping to swing the election.
But all they really accomplished
is getting their leader.
ferraz. thrown in jail.
I guess whoever replaced him has decided
to respond by blowing up a building.
That's a pretty large job for
somebody new to terrorism.
Hard to say.
So the damage from
a crackdown is limited.
I doubt most members
would know anything about it
until it actually happened.
What about a guy named osmar?
He might have a scar on his face.
Don't know of anyone like that.
These don't sound like
the questions of someone
who's planning to leave at midnight.
Nah. I'm just… making sure
people reap what they sow.
It's tiago.
Tiago?
Your people thought you didn't make it.
It was more than I bargained for.
but I got the job done and
ended with a hell of a story.
What I need now is to be paid as agreed.
Wait. wait. wait.
They did.
But I went with them.
Well. well.
That's very good work. tiago.
Do it like this.
Go to the store at the end of the block.
There's a rack of pre-paid cell phones.
Buy the one in the back on the left.
I'll call within the hour.
When we have your money.
What are you doing?
He gave us instructions.
A phone in the back left
of a store down the street.
And then he will call to arrange.
Understand?
No. We're not gonna do it like that.
We're gonna see him
right now. Now walk.
Fuck.
Go. go. go.
Go. go.
Fuck.
Look. I haven't had
anything to eat in hours.
And I'm kind of sick
of being in this room.
And I'm just asking to get
out of here for like five minutes.
Okay.
Okay. but we must go
and come right back.
- Five minutes.
- Like five minutes. yeah.
It's just down there.
It's beautiful. no?
Yeah. I mean…
It's the best thing I've
seen since I got to Brazil.
Look down there.
This is the only city I know
where the poor live above the rich.
We should go. Our five
minutes are disappearing.
It's not what I thought it would
be. It's actually kind of pretty.
You were expecting… what is the word?
Slum. right?
No. No. sorry... I... I
didn't mean to offend you.
No. it's okay. It's okay.
This is what everyone thinks.
Do you like to read?
Yeah. why?
Very quickly. I'll show
you my favorite place.
I spent so many times here
that they let me sit behind the
counter and read. you know?
And there isn't much
competition for the ones in English.
Something you like?
You are a chess player.
But my dad used to play and.
I remember this book.
Well. well. well. If it
isn't livro the bodyguard.
Watch out. guys. Elite-level
protection endorsed by beto.
But we just arrived.
Because beto seemed to
think you could handle this.
- Vico…
- so I want to see you handle it.
Livro!
Vico. please!
Please?
I got a knife to her
throat. and he says please!
Livro!
Her bodyguard is packing.
I don't want you to hit the
person you're protecting.
See.
for this to work.
I have to be more afraid of
dying than you are of shooting.
You're not cut out for this.
You know that?
You think I'm an asshole. don't you?
So what you have to ask yourself
is why an asshole's more concerned
about you in these situations
than your own brother?
But I think if an asshole is
the only one looking out for you.
you've got a problem.
Take it from an asshole. livro.
If you're not one. you
don't want to become one.
Let's go.
Just this.
Hey. poe?
- He attacked us.
- What? Who?
A rival gang or something.
- Creasy. you've gotta come back. Please.
- You okay? Where are you now?
I'm at the apartment.
- What do they want?
- I don't know.
I think they were just trying to scare us.
But... when can you be here?
I... it… aren't we supposed to be leaving?
Creasy?
- Stay inside. Lock the door.
- I...
Yeah?
Who are you? What do you want?
I think you already know who this is.
But if you want to be sure.
tell me where to meet you.
- I'll be happy to fill you in.
- It's okay.
We enjoy watching
you sit in your little car.
Okay. then.
Motherfucker.
Hi.
Mom.
- Where have you been?
- I know. I'm sorry.
You disappeared.
I got a customer who
required my attention.
You said you'd check in.
I didn't have my phone.
- Everything okay?
- Yeah. everything's okay.
- I wanted to talk to you.
- Of course.
I went too far. You don't
want to leave. not my business.
- I just want what's best for you two.
- I know. gabi. Thanks.
It's never been that I'm unwilling to
go. But I want to do it the right way.
I don't want Marina to be undocumented.
And I think I've found a way.
How?
This passenger I'm working with now.
He has connections. He
can help with the papers.
With what?
He's after the people who did this.
What?
No. You don't want
to get mixed up in that.
Who is he?
The security contractors I'm
driving for. he's one of them.
And you trust him?
But why?
I don't know.
Sometimes you meet someone…
It's like you see a
piece of yourself in them.
The part that's suffered.
Sweep the perimeter.
Make sure it's all secured.
This way. This way.
Watch out. Watch out.
This way. Look under
the car. under the car.
Hand on the gun. Visual. Fire.
Nothing here.
Fuck.
It's been hours since he
came to the warehouse.
Do you have him?
No.
He discovered the tracker. Threw it out.
Why didn't you take him
when you had the chance?
Because we need the girl as well.
Having him lead us to her
would have allowed us to...
consider yourself relieved. I'll put
the job in more competent hands.
Yes.
Very well.
I have been relieved of command.
They will find a different
way to pursue them.
If they need more. someone
else will contact you.
Our guy in the store said he
dropped it when he got the phone.
Have a couple guys stake out
her place. See if it goes anywhere.
I'll be at home.
Still no word?
What is that?
I just wanted to bring you
something before you leave.
The fact that you would find
something here that reminded you
of home…
I don't know. It seemed like fate.
Thank you.
I really appreciate it.
And I'm sorry for today.
Should you ever return.
I'll give you a better tour.
- You're leaving?
- Yeah.
I only stopped by to give you the book.
There's actually another man outside
since my brother and his people returned.
And he doesn't speak English. so
he cannot bother you the way I did.
I promise.
Livro?
Will you wait with me until he comes?
Yeah... yeah. of course.
Shit.
We don't want your wallet.
This is what we're looking for.
You gave this man a ride?
- I don't know…
- let me be clear.
This only ends well for you
if you have the information.
Otherwise. you'll be another dead
driver whose phone got grabbed.
Why don't you look again?
- I drove him around days ago.
- Nothing since then?
- I drove him again.
- Was there anyone with him?
Was there anyone with him?
A girl.
Where did you take them?
Do you really want to
lose your life over this?
- It was a favela.
- That's where you're going to take us.
If we find them.
you will be free.
If we don't find it.
you'll die.
Go.
Creasy should have been back by
now. Okay. we have a plane to meet.
- I'm sure he's coming...
- no. he's not!
Okay? I don't even know who to
call. He didn't tell me anything. livro.
- He will come.
- God. why do you keep saying that?
Because no one would leave you behind.
- What time tomorrow?
- You will know when I do.
Mateus.
- What are you doing up. little man?
- I thought I heard something.
Come on. we'll get you tucked in.
- Is that good?
- Yes.
Tell me where you
are. and I will get to you.
Is everything okay?
Daddy just has to go out again.
You sleep well and we'll talk tomorrow.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Good night. son.
Good night. dad.
Shake your body. baby